I haven't story to tell about something
that happened to our family last week
I'm sorry you know I I try not to get
emotional but it was a scary story and
before I go into it I want you know it
has a happy ending okay so when I'm
telling this don't get too upset leave
that to me but a little over a week ago
on Friday April 21st my wife Molly gave
birth to a boy baby boy his name is
William Johnston thank you very much we
call him Billy was an easy delivery six
pushes he was out and he appeared to be
a normal healthy baby until about three
hours after he was born we were out of
the delivery room we moved to the
recovery room our whole family was there
and we introduced him to his
two-and-a-half year old sister she was
cute with him we were happy everything
was good my wife was in bed relaxing and
we went a very attentive nurse at
cedars-sinai hospital
her name is nunu she was checking him
out and heard a murmur in his heart
which is common with newborn babies but
she also noticed he was a bit purple
which is not common so she asked me to
come with her and my wife and I assumed
it would be nothing our daughter had a
heart murmur too and we didn't notice
that he wasn't the color he was supposed
to be so I accompanied Billy in the
nurse went down the hall to another part
of the hospital the neonatal ICU or
another excellent nurse named and
checked him out and called a doctor and
then now all of a sudden it felt serious
the room started to fill up more doctors
and nurses and equipment started coming
in and they determined he wasn't getting
enough oxygen into his blood which as
far as I understand or understood at the
time was most likely one of two things
either his heart or his lungs and you
hope it's the lungs because sometimes
they have fluid in them after delivery
and potentially a minor thing but they
did an x-ray and his lungs were fine
which meant his heart wasn't so now more
doctors and nurses and equipment come in
and it's it's a terrifying thing I'm um
you know my wife is packed in the
recovery room she has no idea what's
going on and I'm standing in the middle
of a lot of very worried looking people
kind of like right now
we were trying to figure out what the
problem is it's Friday night and so they
call a pediatric cardiologist dr. Evans
on who when they called him was picking
his mother up from the airport luckily
her plane was not delayed because he got
to the hospital very quickly they did an
echocardiogram which is a sonogram of
the heart and found that Billy was born
with heart disease something called
tetralogy of the low with pulmonary
atresia
it's hard to explain basically the
pulmonary valve was completely blocked
and he has a hole in the wall between
the left and right sides of his heart
and then they brought my wife in and
they wheeled her in and dr. Jean told
her what was going on what our options
were we decided to take him to
Children's Hospital where there's a
world-renowned cardiac surgeon who was
by all accounts a genius his name is dr.
Vaughn Starnes so we put the baby in an
ambulance the Children's Hospital Los
Angeles and on Monday morning dr.
Starnes opened his chest and fixed one
of the two defects of his heart he went
in there with a scalpel and did some
kind of magic that I couldn't even begin
to explain he opened the valve and the
operation was a success it was the
longest three hours of my life
they didn't do everyday you'll have to
have another open heart surgery in three
to six months to close those holes but
they want to wait until he's bigger and
then he'll have a third hopefully
non-invasive procedure sometime maybe in
his early teens to replace the valve he
has now so this poor kid this is what he
looked like on Monday but this is what
he looked like yes
[Applause]
fortune not only to get a bad heart he
got my face
six days after open-heart surgery we got
to bring him home which is amazing he's
doing great he's eating he's sleeping he
peed on his mother today watching you
changing a diaper he's peeing all of
these Debbie supposed to do
and our daughter oh well here's a
picture of my wife and me and billion
our daughter Jane and you could see
Jane's pretty excited about having
another you know it's funny they tell
you when you bring the new baby home
bring a gift to the older sibling and
tell her it's from the baby as if we
give birth to the Easter Bunny or
something it makes no sense but that's
what they tell you this so we brought
Jane these shopkins which you know these
are they're like tiny little cupcakes
and donuts with faces on them and we
said Billy bought these for you
and she believed that she's not too
bright but I mean he doesn't even have
money doesn't know doesn't he have money
he doesn't have a place to put money he
has no wallet
how would he buy these for her as far as
she knows he's the baby has signed up
for Amazon Prime but she likes him okay
this is another picture this is the best
this meet a coma and have a list of
people I want to thank for making that
happen and I hope I have my list these
are just some of the people he who
played a part in this it was an enormous
team effort really was at at
cedars-sinai hospital first of all I
want to thank nanoo Shakur Nia the nurse
who was the first to notice
if it was a girl we would have named her
in the news we really wanted any other
nurses and Cedars Desiree Lauri Ashley
Theresa Susan Alexis the head nurse and
attentive care and DeMeo who's great
nurse Joan Bacall who was at his side
the whole time dr. Evans on and also his
mother probably didn't get her luggage
because he picked her up at the airport
dr. Scott Cohen dr. Stacey Rosenbaum dr.
Tim Cazares all for being so great and
the truly awe-inspiring team at
Children's Hospital Los Angeles led by
dr. Vaughn stars who saved so many lives
this man
thousands of lives and turned so much
sorrow in a happiness I'll never be able
to thank him for so I won't even try
this one and all the great doctors at CH
LA dr. Sylvia del Castillo
dr. Erina Barban L Barbara Gross who
runs the Heart Institute and are
unbelievably kind and caring nurses
especially Christa Callen and Carrie
dubbin but they're also excellent Ellie
at least Janet Josie Rhea thanks it
Donald C back our respiratory therapist
who kept Billy breathing the whole time
this is some place Children's Hospital
assist I hope you never have to go there
but if you do you'll see so many kids
from so many financial backgrounds being
cared for so well and with so much
compassion I've been supporting children
hospital for years I had no idea we've
ever wind up there and if you'd like to
support the work they do the information
is there at the bottom screen please do
we were on the Costco floor which I
consider to be a good omen because it's
my favorite store
that's cos co-sponsoring the second
floor which is great and thanks to all
the companies and support Children's
Hospital including my company Disney ABC
would support them financially I want to
thank everyone here at ABC who were
exceptionally kind of patient with me
letting me stay out of work last week
Ben Sherwood chanak Dungy Rob Mills
Mitch called John winter great care at
Kennedy Baba willow Eiger thanks
especially thanks everyone here at the
show all my co-workers said a box of
cards that it meant a lot to my wife I
didn't read them but didn't meant a lot
sure thanks to my work man I want to
thank my work family and my actual
family starting with my cousin dr. Denis
Hayes who happens to be a pediatric
cardiologist in New York there's one
smart person in our family and she
counseled us as she explained everything
to everyone our family over and over
again so I didn't have to Thank You
Denise and special action thanks to my
mom and dad and my mother-in-law Vicki
my kids getting Kevin my cousin's my
sister my brother my sisters-in-law my
brothers-in-law they all really came
through in so many ways as did my
friends every one of my friends were
there on your sim it's time for us if we
had atheists praying for us okay we have
people who do not believe in God praying
to him
I don't I hate even I hate even saying
even that son of a Matt Damon
thank you I want to say also thank the
Guillermo for all the sweet texts and
emails I I could barely read any of them
but it was the thought that really
counted and clean oh I have to say Cleo
Cleo senior Vito's mom Silvia Cleo
seniors wife Silvia who's like a second
mother to me never has any human being
ever texted more praying hands emojis
another little being then pleitos mom
did to me I had to upgrade my phone just
a hammer so Thank You Sophia and most of
all I would thank my wife Molly first of
all for allowing me to have sex with her
in the first place that was huge
right there and still feel I've done
that like Africa being so strong and
level-headed and positive and loving
during the worst nightmare a new mother
could experience I couldn't ask for a
better partner I'm so happy we had this
baby together I'm definitely getting a
vasectomy after this and I want to see
one other thing President Trump last
month proposed a six billion dollar cut
in funding to the National Institute of
Health and thank God our congressmen
made a deal last night to not go along
with that they actually increased
funding by two billion dollars and I
applaud them
door then more than 40% of the people
who have been affected by those cuts of
the Nationalists do to help our children
and it would have a major impact on a
lot of great places including Children's
Hospital Los Angeles which is so
unbelievably sad to me we were brought
up to believe that we live in the
greatest country in the world but until
what for a few years ago millions and
millions of us had no access to health
insurance at all
you know before 2014 if you were born
with congenital heart disease like my
son was there was a good chance you'd
never be able to get health insurance
because he had a pre-existing condition
you were born with a pre-existing
condition if your parents didn't have
medical insurance you might not live
long enough to even get denied because
of a pre-existing condition if your baby
is going to die and it doesn't have to
it shouldn't matter how much money you
make I think that's something now
whether you're a Republican or Democrat
or something else we all agree on that
right I mean
whatever you party whatever you believe
in or the support you need to make sure
that the people who are supposed to
represent us people are meeting about
this right now in Washington understand
that very clearly let's stop with the
nonsense this isn't football there are
no teams we are the team it's the United
States don't let their partisan
squabbles divide us on something every
different person one I saw a lot of
families there and no parent should ever
have to decide if they can afford to
save their child's life it just
shouldn't happen not here so anyway
thank you for listening I promise I'm
not going to cry for the rest of this
show please say a prayer or or send
positive thoughts of the families with
children who are still in the hospital
now because they need it and thanks we
have a special show tonight
we'll be right back to talk about thanks
for watching if you liked that subscribe
to our YouTube channel for all the
latest videos and it did it subscribe
anyway it's free who cares